Initial sample (#1)
Azure-Samples/ms-identity-javascript-react-tutorial: 4-Deployment/2-deploy-static/README.md

1. Find the key `Enter_the_Tenant_Info_Here` and replace the existing value with your Azure AD tenant ID.
1. Find the key `Enter_the_Web_Api_Scope_Here` and replace the existing value with APP ID URI that you've registered earlier, e.g. `api://****-****-********-********/access_as_user`

## Deployment

There are basically **3** stages that you will have to go through in order to deploy your projects and enable authentication:

1. Create a repository on GitHub and commit your project.
1. Create a **Static Web App** via VS Code extensions.
1. Add **environment variables** to your static web app.
1. Update **Azure AD** **App Registration** with deployed website URI that you have just obtained.

### Deploy the app (msal-react-spa)

There are various ways to deploy your applications to **Azure Static Web Apps**. Here we provide steps for deployment via **VS Code Azure Static Web Apps Extension**.

> We recommend reading the [Quickstart: Building your first static site with Azure Static Web Apps](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/static-web-apps/getting-started?tabs=vanilla-javascript) for gaining familiarity with the process outlined below.

#### Part 1: Deploy the app

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Install  [VS Code Azure Static Web Apps Extension (Preview)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-azurestaticwebapps) extension. You will need it for this step.
```

#### Part 2: Update the app's registration

1. Navigate back to the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com).
1. In the left-hand navigation pane, select the **Azure Active Directory** service, and then select **App registrations**.
1. In the resulting screen, select the name of your application.
1. From the *Branding* menu, update the **Home page URL**, to the address of your service, for example [https://reactspa1.z22.web.core.windows.net/](https://reactspa1.z22.web.core.windows.net/). Save the configuration.
1. Add the same URI in the list of values of the *Authentication -> Redirect URIs* menu. If you have multiple redirect URIs, make sure that there a new entry using the App service's URI for each redirect URI.

#### Part 3: Add environment variables to your static web app

1. Navigate back to the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com).
1. Find the application you've created previously under **Azure Static Web Apps** and select it.
1. Select the **Configuration** blade on the left hand side. Add the following **environment variables** there:
    1. `CLIENT_ID`: enter the application ID (clientId) of `msal-react-spa` app copied from the Azure portal.

>     1. `TENANT_ID`: enter your Azure AD tenant ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. `TENANT_INFO`: enter your Azure AD tenant ID.
```

    1. `CLIENT_SECRET`: enter your client secret that you've obtained during app registration.

>     1. `EXPECTED_SCOPES`: enter the name of the scope in APP ID URI that you've registered earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. `EXPECTED_SCOPES`: enter the name of the scope you exposed earlier, e.g. `access_as_user`
```

> ![Step9](./ReadmeFiles/step9.png)

Reviewer: consider adding a screenshot that contains CLIENT_SECRET

Reviewer: and TENANT_INFO -> TENANT_ID

Reviewer: and possibly EXPECTED_SCOPES with the suggested value visible
